Docs/seo updates (#36083)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/internals/machine-readable-ui.mdx

---
page_title: Machine-readable output reference
description: >-

>   Terraform provides streamd machine-readable UI output in JSON format so that you can integrate with monitoring software. Learn about the machine-readlable output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Terraform streams machine-readable output in JSON format, letting you use third-party tools to monitor operations.
```
